= Gestpay Credit Card verification 

Instructions to enable the "Gestpay Credit Card" verification method for the user registration procedure.

== Configuration Keys

Ensure the following configuration keys are available in */configurations* and configured correctly.

* *gestpay_enabled*: indicate if gestpay credit card verification method is enabled
* *credit_card_verification_cost*: cost of the transaction
* *credit_card_registration_expire*: user registered with this method are automatically deleted after this time
* *gestpay_currency*: currency used, defaults to 242 which means EURO, for other codes see the Gestpay documentation
* *gestpay_webservice_method*: web service method used, depending on your agreement with banca sella, can be *verification* or *payment*
* *gestpay_webservice_url*: Web Service URL, should be https://testecomm.sella.it/gestpay/gestpayws/WSs2s.asmx?WSDL for the DEMO or https://ecomms2s.sella.it/gestpay/gestpayws/WSs2s.asmx?WSDL for the real environment
* *gestpay_shoplogin*: Gestpay CODE provided by Banca Sella after signing their contract. Also known as "Codice esercente"
* *notifier_base_url*: base url of the OWUMS application without the protocol, eg: *mywifiservice.com/owums*
* *notifier_protocol*: https or http
* *captive_portal_baseurl*: URL of the OWCPM (OpenWISP Captive Portal Manager) instance, if any
* *gestpay_vbv_session*: duration in seconds of the time in which users can insert their card password if needed; explained in detail in the "Verified By Visa" Section
* *gestpay_vbv_url*: url of which users will be redirected to insert their credit card password if "verified by visa" is active; should be https://testecomm.sella.it/gestpay/pagamvisa3d.asp for the DEMO or https://ecomm.sella.it/gestpay/pagamvisa3d.asp for the real environment
* *credit_card_max_yearly_transactions*: maximum number of credit card transactions that can be done in a year. It's a security measure to avoid spam or frauds. Defaults to 10000.
* *credit_card_max_daily_user_transactions*: maximum number of credit card transactions a user can do in a day, defaults to 10.
* *credit_card_year_start*: month from which the yearly limit is calculated in the form of MM-DD (month-day), defaults to 01-01 (first of jan).
* *credit_card_max_transaction_warning_threshold*: when the remaining available yearly transactions reach this threshold a notification will be sent to admins to warn them. Defaults to 100 remaining transactions.

Ensure the following keys are customized according to your needs:

* *gestpay_invoicing_enabled*: whether invoices should be sent each time a user registers, enabled by default, works only with "payment" *gestpay_webservice_method*
* *invoice_description_en*: description that will be included in the invoice (english)
* *invoice_description_it*: description that will be included in the invoice (italian)
* *invoice_logo*: logo that will be inserted in the invoice
* *invoice_owner_en*: details for the invoice heading (english)
* *invoice_owner_it*: details for the invoice heading (italian)
* *invoice_owner_email*: email of administrators to which every invoice will be sent
* *invoice_admin_notification_subject_en*: subject of the notification that will be sent to "invoice_owner_email" (english)
* *invoice_admin_notification_subject_it*: subject of the notification that will be sent to "invoice_owner_email" (italian)
* *tax_rate*: tax rate to apply to verification cost

Ensure the folder "invoices/" is writable.

Eg:
    chown -R www-data:www-data invoices/

If the configuration keys are not available you are probably upgrading from an older version,
you will have to manually insert the configuration keys with the rails console unless you want
to reset all your configuration keys to the default ones (in that case just run *rake db:seed* from the command line).

To manually set the configuration keys with the console follow this procedure:

    =>:$ bundle exec rails console
    1.8.7 :001 > Configuration.set('key_name', 'value')
    # substitute key_name and value with the missing configuration keys

== Gestpay Backoffice configuration

Login into the backoffice:

Demo: https://testecomm.sella.it/gestpay/backoffice/LoginGestPay.asp

Production: https://www.sella.it/

=== Configurazione > Ambiente > Indirizzi ip

Insert the ip addresses from which your owums instance will communicate with gestpay.

=== Configurazione Cliente > Campi & Parametri > NO DISPLAY

Log in the Gestpay Backoffice, go to "Configurazione Cliente", and check if the page "NO DISPLAY" exists, if it does not exist create it.

Go now to "Campi & Parametri", then click on the number besides of "NO DISPLAY".

1. Click on BuyerEmail, then check "Input", then "Obbligatorio" and "Parametro", then click Ok  
2. Click on BuyerName, then check "Input", then "Obbligatorio" and "Parametro", then click Ok
4. Click on CVV, then check "Input", then "Parametro", then click OK
5. Click on Language, then check "Parametro", then click OK
5. Click on CustomInfo, then check "Risposta", then click OK  

Add new parameter (click on "Nuovo"), then check "Inserisci", write "Server", save by clicking on "Ok", then uncheck "Visibile" and save again
Repeat the same procedure for the new parameter "UserID".

After saving, click on the button "Pubblica" on the bottom right position of the page (under the list with all the available parameters).

== Verified By Visa Notes

Verified By Visa is a service which if enabled requires the users of some credit cards to insert a special password to confirm every operation of their card.
Users of "verified by visa" or "master card security code" cards will be redirected to their bank's website to insert the special password.

For this mecchanism to work OWUMS needs to be able to communicate with OWCPM's API in order to temporary login the user so he can be redirected to the website of his bank.

